docs: zerops guide (#1294)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/deployment/providers.md

          echo "DRY_RUN_OPTION=$DRY_RUN_OPTION"
          npx angular-cli-ghpages --no-silent --dir="${{env.TARGET_DIR}}" $CNAME_OPTION $DRY_RUN_OPTION
```

## Zerops

> Analog supports deploying on [Zerops](https://zerops.io) with some additional configuration which provides you with more control over your analog projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analog supports deploying on [Zerops](https://zerops.io) with some additional configuration which provides you with more control over your Analog projects.
```

> :::info
> 
> ### 🚀 Analog x Zerops Quickrun
> 
> Want to test running Analog on Zerops without installing or setting up anything? Using repositories [**Zerops x Analog - Static**](https://github.com/zeropsio/recipe-analog-static) or [**Zerops x Analog - SSR**](https://github.com/zeropsio/recipe-analog-nodejs) on Node.js you can deploy example Analog site with a single click.
> 
> #### Deploy with a single click
> 
> - [**Analog Static & Analog SSR**](https://app.zerops.io/recipe/analog) (Test both at once)
> - [**Analog Static**](http://app.zerops.io/recipe/analog-static)
> - [**Analog SSR**](http://app.zerops.io/recipe/analog-nodejs)
>   :::

Reviewer: Please remove this block. It sounds like marketing and not docs

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry @brandonroberts, not intentially marketing-ish, @nermalcat69 just took the base guide from [Astro's](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/deploy/zerops/) docs where it was more or less in line with other guides. :) 

We'll tone it down to match style of other guides in Analog.

> This guide will walk you through seting up and deploying both Static and SSR Analog projects on Zerops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide walks you through setting up and deploying both Static and SSR Analog projects on Zerops.
```

Running apps on Zerops requires two steps:

1. Creating a project
2. Triggering build & deploy pipeline

:::info
One Zerops project can contain multiple Analog projects.
:::

### Setting up SSG

If your project is not SSG Ready - Setup your project for [Static Site Generation](/docs/features/server/static-site-generation)

#### Project Creation

Projects and services can be added either through a [Project add](https://app.zerops.io/dashboard/project-add) wizard or imported using a yaml structure:

```yml
project:
  name: recipe-analog
  tags:
    - zerops-recipe

services:
  - hostname: app
    type: static
    enableSubdomainAccess: true
```

> This will create a project called `recipe-analog` with a Zerops Static service called `app`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a project called `recipe-analog` with a Zerops Static service called `app`.
```

#### Setting up Zerops.yml

To tell Zerops how to build and run your site, add a `zerops.yml` to your repository:

```yml
zerops:
  - setup: app
    build:
      base: nodejs@20
      buildCommands:
        - pnpm i
        - pnpm build
      deployFiles:
        - public
        - dist/analog/public/~
    run:
      base: static
```

Now you can [trigger the build & deploy pipeline](#deploying-the-project-2) using the [Zerops CLI](http://github.com/zeropsio/zcli) or by connecting the app service with your [GitHub](https://docs.zerops.io/references/github-integration/) / [GitLab](https://docs.zerops.io/references/gitlab-integration) repository from inside the service detail.

### Setting up SSR

If your project is not SSR Ready - Setup your project for [Server Side Rendering](/docs/features/server/server-side-rendering)

#### Project Creation

Projects and services can be added either through a [Project add](https://app.zerops.io/dashboard/project-add) wizard or imported using a yaml structure:

```yml
project:
  name: recipe-analog
  tags:
    - zerops-recipe

services:
  - hostname: app
    type: nodejs@20
    enableSubdomainAccess: true
```

> This will create a project called `recipe-analog` with Zerops Node.js service called `app`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a project called `recipe-analog` with Zerops Node.js service called `app`.
```
